Add support for service accounts (#1328)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/application_key.md

- **name** (String) Name for Application Key.

### Optional

> - **service_account** (String) ID of a service account that will own the Application Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **service_account** (String) ID of a service account that owns the Application Key.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed that..

Reviewer: @jake-scott I don't think you added this suggestion in, try one more time.

Author: ah sorry, forgot the 'make docs', should be good now..
